Review of Episode 4 (#224)
carpentries-incubator/better-research-software: episodes/04-code-readability.md

Let's apply this to `eva_data_analysis.py`.

a. Edit the code as follows to use descriptive (and consistent) variable names:

    - Change `data_f` to `input_file`
    - Change `data_t` to `output_file`
    - Change `g_file` to `graph_file`

>     *Be sure to change all the occurances of eac variable name.*

Author: ```suggestion
    *Be sure to change all the occurrences of each variable name.*
```
